Wenwen Jianguo Sword Mountain has also gone up
Uh oh as for that 200,000
I'm responsible for you.
I don't know if Ding Zongshou counts as atonement for the sins of the rivers and lakes
You are indiscriminate
Just listening to Lin Yaozu's words framed me
Even want to marry me to a buried half
The old man
People like you don't deserve to be the village chief at all
Besides, you didn't do anything.
How did you atone for your sins?
You, the village chief, have been doing nothing
Also bullying
Hazard comparison
Hurry up and hide
Marriage is private
Misbehaving people like you
Do you still deserve to be the village chief?
If you keep doing it
I don't know how many villagers will be harmed
How much trouble did it cause?
today's issue
I officially announce the dismissal of you as the village chief
Ok ok ok ok
Kobayashi
You are on your own
Breaking the world record for intermediaries
It's a miracle.
Honour of the country
We decided.
This afternoon at Yunting Hotel
Olympic athletes go out to the world event conference
I solemnly invite you to participate
My dear Yang Yunting
Also the general manager of Yunting Hotel
That's what I said.
To reward those who enter the Olympic Games
Talent on the shortlist
1 million Lin
It's an honor.
You can be invited to today's implementation meeting.
Leaders, Mr. Yang
I have an unkind request
Today's World Affairs Conference
Can I bring my family to participate?
Of course you can.
Daughter, this is a great thing to shine your eyebrows
You should inform your mother
Let him come back and congratulate you.
I don't have one for wild men
A mother who abandons her daughter
Wei Xin
You see that Wenwen is still young
I beg you.
Don't go.
I swear I will work hard to make money
Let you live a good life
You are a useless person, how can you earn money to support me?
Besides, I have found Mr. Cheng now
He is ten thousand times stronger than you
You are a piece of crap
Don't delay me
WeChat mom don't go
Mom don't go
Dad, I'm sorry.
Dad is not capable